Welcome to a world where art transcends borders. We specialize in curating exquisite oil paintings that bring timeless elegance to your space, no matter where you are. Our carefully crafted collections are designed to inspire, elevate, and create lasting impressions. Explore our gallery and find the perfect masterpiece to make your home or office truly unforgettable

Before Featured Products, Section for different Art etc. 

Create Art is not working properly. Feature required, once photo is uploaded, then click 'Create' to ensure that photo is completely uploaded 

I have changed the color schemas and its final now, few changes are required 

Featured Products to be renamed as Best Sellers 

'Browse More categories' require Collection of photos 

As we scroll up , Logo should go on left, then  search in the middle and Wish list/ Cart on right, reference website wayfair.com

Short loop vide on landing page 

Testimonials must be in the white BG likewise Collections etc. Wider span 

Add to wish list and cart text should be in black , little description of Best sellers are required too under the paiting, one liner description of the art etc. 

When we click on Best Seller's paintings, the painting overflows on the page , needs to align 

04/02/25 - 
Slider images needs some adjustments, I like when image cover's the card however it stretches out the image, I will find some portraits that can fit the slider 

Learn more needs to be renamed to something 'more info' or 'view more' that will take us about us page for more information about the business. 

Best Sellers Items are not showing up? I did git pul but images dissapeared 

Art by Gabo and Miguel is not showing up, not sure if this is git pull push issue? 

Please refer to Artist Application.txt page for more information on what can be added to the page and questions 

Orientations on Arts page is a good option for customers to select Landscape, Portraitt paintings 

On Arts page, is it possible to apply a feature for cusotmer to hover and images automatically zoomed in or shows full image or thumbnail or full image and then when they click , it takes them to full description page 

I like the idea of having an option to select or make painting a primary to showcase on landing page, however It is worth having this option for an exisitngs arts to make it primary when required. i.e. Any painting which gets popularity, we can make it primary as best sellers 
